Update meeting-policies-participants-and-guests.md (#9334)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/meeting-policies-participants-and-guests.md

This is a per-organizer policy. This setting enables Microsoft 365 Tenant Admins to Enable or Disable the Questions & Answers experience (Q&A).

> The setting is enforced when a meeting is created or is updated by Organizers. By default, this setting is turned off. Learn more about Q&A [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-US/microsoftteams/meeting-policies-participants-and-guests?WT.mc_id=TeamsAdminCenterCSH).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The setting is enforced when a meeting is created or is updated by Organizers. By default, this setting is turned off. To learn more about Q&A, see [Meeting policy settings - Participants & guests](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/meeting-policies-participants-and-guests?WT.mc_id=TeamsAdminCenterCSH).
```
